[Music]
we are in laid-back yet another crazy
taxi and we were headed to the second
day of worlds groups woohoo hopefully it
goes better for North America and the
West so did yesterday busy yesterday was
a show oh here we go everybody hold
up
oh you thanks for taking it much much
slower than the other guy yesterday
anyway all the Koreans are telling me
that GSM you know they're good they're
great this is their year excetera Abbas
is completely different than every other
year they've told me about this so I
think I think it's gonna happen I think
this could be the year
pedestrians
[Music]
there's nothing to buckle limit to
discard it
Ares envision myself as like a young
Scarlett Johansson we're trying to get
to here but we're not going there world
starts in 30 minutes
can't believe him alive
every now and then you just need that
kind of almost death experience to
really make you appreciate
I mean those cops on reddit can be
[Music]
mm
[Applause]
[Music]
everyone welcome hello everyone I look
to traveling around on my show where I
take you know like an eSports
personality or player out into the wild
and here I've been move on joined by
shocks it's a great time here you're
going to the yellow crane tower it's
gonna be so much fun
to learn a little bit more
[Music]
we are a top of the yellow crane tower
right now with beautiful not so clear
fun behind me and we're at the top it's
great it's so beautiful
can't believe we made it all the way to
the top woohoo
[Music]
Oh
so hi
[Music]
you
everyone I'm having a blast in China but
there's some bad news I actually do not
have a return ticket because mobile
dicks sent me over here and they said
unless a bunch of people sign up at
mobile it's out GG / Travis and enter
the giveaway they're not bringing me
back to the states so if you'd like to
see me ed in spring split next year
please please be sure to check them out